♪
[camera beeps]
[Zeus and Apollo growl]
[barking]MAGNUM:
Hi, boys.
[growls]
See how you like this.
[whining]
[laughs]
See ya.
[growling]
Easy. Easy, easy, easy.
You're okay.
[barks, growling]
Higgins?
[barking]
Higgins!
Higgins!HIGGINS:
Yes, Magnum.
Don't shout. I'm right here.
All right, lads.
Honestly, you know,
I am a little bit disappointed.
All you had to do
was break in
and steal the Ferrari to test
my new security upgrades.
Supposed to be a simple task
for someone
with your training
and experience.
Nice try
on the ultrasonic dog whistle,
by the way.
How'd you know?Well, I took
the liberty of installing
noise meters which could detect
high-frequency sounds.
So, when the lads came in,
I just put on
these nice earmuffs.
Good boys. Go in.
That's not fair.Why?
I merely anticipated the way
you might try to penetrate me
and deployed a countermeasure.
[chuckles]:
Okay, what you just said
was borderline inappropriate,
and I'm feeling very harassed
right now.Oh, please, Magnum.
You're just upset
that you failed
your mission.What are you talking...?
I didn't fail my mission.
You cheated.
I...Noise meters? Who does that?
Magnum, there is no such thing
as too much security, especially
since you've now found yourself
a nice stalker.Well, we don't know
that I have a stalker.
All right? Secondly, we know
this isn't about my safety.
This is about you
always having to win.[siren wailing]
It's...
You called the cops, too?
Come on.I did not
call the police. You must have
breached a silent alarm.
I did not breach a silent alarm.
I did everything right.Well, clearly,
you are mistaken,
and now you're going to have
to explain
to these nice gentlemen
why you're breaking into
your own home.You two can relax.
They're here for me.
OFFICER:
Kumu Tuileta? Ma'am,
please put your hands
behind your back.
You're under arrest.Kumu?
OFFICER:
Before we ask you
any questions...
[handcuffs clicking]
♪
[lock buzzes]
Hi.
You didn't have to bail me out.Course we did.
We couldn't let you
sit in prison.
Are you okay?Fine. Not my first time
in bracelets, you know.
Kumu, they're accusing you
of grand larceny
in the third degree.
Please tell us
there's a mistake.
It's a mistake.
Thank goodness for that.
It's probably grand larceny
in the first degree.
What I took is worth
half a million, easy.
Kumu, what happened?I stole
an expensive artifact
from a wealthy collector.
And I'm not giving it back.
His name's
Owen Westberry.The developer?
Yesterday, he asked me over
to his house to authenticate
some Hawaiian artifacts
that he'd recently acquired.
But when I got there,
I learned the pieces were all
purchased through Leonard King,
a local antiquities dealer
who has a reputation for
looting hallowed sites.
Grave robber.
MAGNUM:
Yeah, it sounds like
King's the guy
who should be in jail.
Well, the Cultural
Center's been trying
to shut him down for years,
but no one's ever
caught him in the act.
So, what was it
that Mr. Westberry
asked you to authenticate?
You know,
there were several pieces,
but the most sacred one was...
[sighs]
the skull of a young boy.
That's pretty weird.
Yeah, that seems like a rather
morbid item to want to possess.
Not if you know its history.
I believe this particular skull
is from the 18th century
and belongs
to a 12-year-old
boy named Makani
who was killed in battle.
As legend has it,
Makani longed to be a great warrior like his father.
And when Kamehameha
invaded Oahu in 1795,
he secretly followed his father
into the Battle of Nu'uanu.
[shouting]
The Oahu army was overwhelmed
and pushed back
to the edge of the Pali
by Kamehameha's forces.
Makani saw what was happening
and joined the fight only to be driven off the cliff
with his father
and hundreds of other warriors.
What makes you think
it's Makani's skull?
Because his mother buried him
in a cave near those cliffs,
and it's rumored
that King looted that
cave several years ago.
I told Mr. Westberry
he should
give the skull and other
pieces to the Cultural Center,
but he said he paid
good money for all of it
and it was staying in
his private collection.So,
that's when
you took the skull.
I went back when
he was at work,
and I told his staff
I misplaced my phone,
and they let me
look for it.
That's when I slipped the skull
into my bag.
I know. It wasn't
a great plan.
[chuckles]But...
I had to get that
skull out of his house
and back where it belongs.
Now the prosecuting attorney
wants me to return the
skull within 24 hours.
If I do, they'll
dismiss the case.
But like I said,
it ain't gonna happen.
And...
you're certain about this, Kumu?
[exhales]
That's Makani.
I know it in my heart.
And he deserves
to be at peace,
not on a shelf
in some rich man's house.
Yeah, well, you know, you're
standing up for what's right.
I respect that.HIGGINS:
So do I.
And we'll support you,
whatever you decide to do next.
Hundred percent.
Mahalo.
KATSUMOTO:
Remember,
you have to square both sides,
then multiply both by "A."
Square up the sides, right.
All right, take your time.
Got it.
"A" equals one over "X" squared.
That's... actually correct.
Don't be so shocked.
You looked up the answer,
didn't you?
What? No.
Dennis, I saw
your hand move on the keyboard
and then your eyes move
from your work page
to the screen.
[sighs]
Can you maybe stop being a cop
for, like, a minute
and just be my dad?
The two
aren't mutually exclusive.
And you haven't denied it yet.DENNIS: Okay,
I may have looked, but I was
just double-checking my work.
I might've snuck a peek at the
answer 'cause I didn't know it.You know,
I don't have to do this.
I graduated from high school.
You're the one
who needs to learn this stuff.
When am I gonna use this?Never. You will never use it.
But that's not the point.MAN: I can't find her anywhere.
Okay, calm down.Okay, w-- I'm tired of people
telling me to calm down.
Okay? I'm looking
for my daughter.
Look, you need to know
this stuff
so you can graduate high school
and land a decent job.
All right? I don't want you
living above my garage
when you're 30,
asking to borrow money
that you'll never pay back.
That's called being a mooch.
I know a guy like that.
And if you end up like him...KANEMURA:
...in the station.
I'm here to help you.I understand
where the hell I am.
That's why I
walked over here.
Okay? Can you get someone
to help me right now?...I'll be very disappointed.
KANEMURA:
Yes, I'm here to help you.All right,
I got to go.
Just finish
the rest of the problems,
and we'll go over them tonight,
okay?
And no cheating.
KANEMURA: Sir, I need
you to speak coherently.
I need for you not to tell me
when to calm down. Okay?
Excuse me.My daughter's missing right now.
Detective Katsumoto.
Is there a problem here?Yeah.
My daughter's missing,
and no one cares.
We don't know if she's missing.
He just can't reach her.
And it's only been
a few hours.
How old's your daughter, sir?
Call me Izzy. She's 21.
Name's Kai.
I was supposed to pick her up
from the airport this morning,
and she never showed.
Did you check with the airline?Yeah. They said
she got off the plane,
but somewhere between the gate
and the curb, she disappeared.
And now her phone's turned off.
There could be any number
of explanations.No, no, no, no, no.
Something has happened.
Look,
I know you're worried.
All right?
I'm a father. I get it.
But Kai is an adult,
which means we can't touch this
for 24 hours.
KANEMURA:
We have that policy
for a reason.
Yeah?
And what if it was your kid?
There are a couple people who
may be able to help you, okay?
I can't believe
you're bringing us a client.
I mean, I'm pretty sure
that's the first sign
of the apocalypse.
Me, too.
But someone should help him,
and right now,
my hands are tied.
Well, thank you
for the referral.
And, um, speaking of people
who need help...
I heard about the charges,
but I can't intervene
on Kumu's behalf.
Come on, can't you talk
to the prosecuting attorney?
Work some
of that Katsumoto charm
like you did with Rick?This is different.
Kumu was caught on video
committing theft.
The P.A. can't just ignore that.
But she's 62 years old.
If she's convicted,
she might get five years.
That's a very long time
for someone her age.
That's why I'm hoping
she'll reconsider.
Yeah,
that's not gonna happen.
Well...
Let's hope she comes around.
I got to go.
Keep me in
the loop.
Yeah.
Good luck.
Izzy, how are you?
I'm Thomas,
this is Juliet.
Hi.
Thank you for doing this.
Of course.
Katsumoto filled us in
on a few details.
He said that you were
supposed to pick up
your daughter Kai
at the airport.
Yeah, she was on a return flight
from Japan
this morning.
We made plans
to-to meet at the curb,
I called her ten times,
waited an hour.
Nothing.What was she doing in Japan?
MMA. Had a couple fights
over there.
My daughter's gonna
go pro soon.
Okay, well, we'll
definitely look into it.
I-I don't know
how much you charge for this...
Yeah, I wouldn't even
worry about it.
If we don't find
your daughter
in the first 24 hours,
HPD's gonna take over anyway.
Either way,
you'll have
some answers soon.
Okay.
MAGNUM [chuckles]:
Alema.
Magnum. Howzit, brah?
This is my partner
Juliet Higgins.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
So, I need a favor.
Didn't I just hook you up?
Alema's little brother
plays QB for the
Rainbow Warriors.
And Alema was nice enough
to hook me up with some seats.
And field passes.Yes.
And I lent you my car
for that date. Remember that?
So we're even on that one.Right.
This is an entirely
different favor.
Yourcar?
Hold on.
So, I just need
to see some security footage
from this morning,
uh, Terminal 2.
Yeah? And what do I get?
Don't you think you should have,
uh, cleared it with Rick
before you offered Alema here
a free meal?
You know, I find it easier
to beg for forgiveness
than ask for
permission.Mm-hmm.
Oh, hold on. There she is.
Right there.
See if you can zoom in.
Well, those two don't
exactly look friendly.
Recognize someone?
They're soldiers
for Hiroki Matsui,
head of the Yoshida clan,
it's a yakuza offshoot.
Been making inroads
in Hawaii recently.
Narcotics. Gambling.
Vice has been trying
to shut them down.
But this doesn't seem
like an abduction.
It looks like Kai
goes willingly.
MAGNUM:
Yeah, but it's a public
place. They may be
making an effort
not to make a scene.
Or they could be
threatening her.
KATSUMOTO:
Except we don't
know that for sure.
HIGGINS:
Look. Look at her reaction.
Her lips are pursed.
That's a sign of fear.
I mean, that's not
something you expect
from one who engages in
blood sport for a living.
KATSUMOTO:
You have a point.
But that's still not enough.
There's no obvious crime here.
And I can't put a tail
on someone
without probable cause.MAGNUM: Well,
it's a good thing
we're not bound
by the same rules you are.
HIGGINS:
We'll let you know
what we find.
Guys.
If Kai is mixed up with Matsui,
it's not gonna end well for her.
Odds are she'll wind up
in prison or dead,
so whatever you're gonna do,
do it fast.
HIGGINS:
According to Kamekona,
Matsui works out of a club
called Desire, on Cooke Street.
Okay, we'll start from there.
[phone ringing]Oh.
Is it Katsumoto?No, it's Ethan.
Hello there.
[chuckles]
Yeah, no, that sounds lovely.
How did the big surgery go?
[laughs]
[phone ringing]
I know.
Me, too.Hey, our client's calling.
Could you maybe
put your love life
on hold for a second?
Sorry, Ethan, Magnum needs me.
I know, he can't seem
to do anything without me.
Yeah, I'll call you later.
Okay, bye.
Sorry.[phone beeps]
Izzy.IZZY: Good news.
She's okay.Wait, what?
Yeah, I just talked to Kai.
Uh, she lost her phone,
went to the wrong terminal.
But it's all good.
False alarm.
Okay, uh...Well, we're glad
that she's, uh,
turned up safe.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate your help.
MAGNUM: Yeah, no problem.HIGGINS: Bye.
Uh, that's weird.
Why would Kai lie to her father?
Maybe she doesn't
want him to know
that she's consorting
with criminals.
I don't know, my gut tells me
there's something more to it.
Well, regardless, I mean,
she's surfaced,
so the case is over.
Her deception's
really bothering you.
It's just strange.
Okay.
I'll track her phone,
I'll text Gordon an update.
If you're here to convince
me to give the skull back,
don't bother.
I won't do it.
You think I don't know that?
Now, Thomas and Higgy
told me everything.
I just came by
to let you know I got you.
I appreciate it, TC.
[laughs softly]
Do I see cookies?
Just made a batch.
You want one?
Come on, you already
know. I don't turn down
that homemade gold.
Macadamia nut chocolate chip.
Well, in that case,
I will take two.
Milk?
If you want to see me grinning
like a five-year-old, yes.
[laughs]
You know, for the record,
I think you're doing
the right thing.
Thank you.
That means a lot.
I just want to make sure
you buried that skull
in a safe place.
Someplace HPD
can't find it.
Look, if you're willing
to go to jail over this thing,
I don't want it to be in vain.
No, you don't have to worry
about that.
The skull is in a safe place.
Good.
I got it stashed
in the laundry room
in the guesthouse.
[laughs]
Wait, what?
Thomas never
goes in there anyway.
Yeah, but I just assumed
that you had already put it
in the ground.
Why would you
bring it back here?
It's temporary.
Noelani was kind enough
to take a sample from the skull
to carbon-date it.
Hopefully the results
confirm my hunch.
Assuming it does,
I plan to return the skull
to the same place
Makani's mother
put him
two centuries ago.
And you're thinking
this could happen before
they take you
into custody?
Hopefully it does. If not...
I hate to ask anyone
to do this, but...
Please.
You don't have to.
We'll make sure it gets done.
You sure?
You'd be committing a crime.
Now, who had my back
when we were out there
marching in the streets?
No matter what,
we always look after each other.
And what happens?
It'll get done.
You got my word on that.
Mmm.[laughs]
♪ Start at the beginning
♪ Ever since I jumped they can
tell that we were different ♪
♪ You know we've been cooking
♪ 'Cause we put in
all the work ♪
♪ When nobody
was even looking... ♪
There she is.
So, how do you want
to play this?
[grunting]
Follow my lead.
Kai Durrell.
Saw your fight
last week.
You looked great.
Thanks.
I'm Thomas, this is Juliet.Hi.
I'm gonna get
straight to the point.
We are scouts
for the PFA--
it's the Pacific
Fighting Association--
and we are scheduled
to debut next year.
We're looking
for some fighters.
We'd love to have
a conversation with you.
Excuse me.
Those are the gentlemen
from the airport.
That's got to be Matsui.
[speaking indistinctly]
So, Kai, as Thomas was saying...
Sorry. Can't talk.
Come on.
Where are we going?
Introduce ourselves.
Hey, fellas. Got a second?
What do you want?HIGGINS: Well,
we couldn't help but notice
you talking to Kai Durrell
in there.
We just wondered,
are you guys fans as well?
What's it to you?
[siren wailing]
What's going on here?
Nothing, Detective.
We were just leaving.
[engine starts]
What are you doing here?
Got your text,
thought I'd follow up.
Except now my cover's blown.
Well, no worries. I think
we know what's going on here.
How do you figure? We haven't
even spoken to Kai yet.
It's a bunch of gangsters
putting the screws
down on a fighter.
I mean, do the math.
They want Kai to throw a fight.
♪
Time.
You two got to go.
You're distracting me.HIGGINS: Sure.
Of course.
Um, but any chance
we can talk to you later
when you're done here?
I'm not interested
in your league.
You can go.
Okay. I think we're about
to get bounced.
Yeah.
You know, we've been
here over an hour.
Kai's car's still there.
She didn't just slip out.
[phone blips]
[phone chimes, vibrates]
What is this?
What's what?
"Thinking about you.
And last night."
Oh, uh, that was for Ethan.
That's not for you.
Uh...
Ooh, this is a little
racy right here.Can you just please
delete that this instant?
Delete it!You know, I really
didn't need this image
of you and your
boyfriend in my head.
Well, excuse me for having
a sex life, Magnum.
You know, th-- This must be
why you canceled our meeting
to go over the books last night.
You know, t-this is kind of
becoming a regular thing.
I mean, y-you bailed
on the stakeout last week.
And I-I'm assuming
that had something to do
with this guy, right?
Okay, number one, that stakeout
was not a two-man job,
and number two,
I am certain
that you have prioritized
your personal life
over this partnership
many a time.
Am I wrong?
[sighs]
There's Kai.
[engine starts]
[tires screeching]
I think she made us.
Yeah.
Word of advice?
Following me in a red supercar
ain't the best way
to be discreet.
Hmm.
Hmm.And I checked.
There's no start-up league
called the PFA.
So who are you?
We're the private investigators
your father hired to find you.
What are you talking about?He didn't tell you
that he hired a couple of P.I.s
this morning
when he missed you
at the airport?
No.
MAGNUM:
Well, he did.
He was worried about you.
Well, obviously I'm fine.
So why are you following me?
Because while we
were looking for you,
we became aware of your
connection to the Yoshida clan.
We became concerned and
we decided to stay on the case
even after you surfaced.
Uh, they want you
to throw a fight,
am I right?
Doesn't matter.
It does. You're in
over your head.
You may not think you are,
but you are.
And I know
you just met us, but...
We can help.
All right, there's this
underground match tonight.
A lot of money
on the line.
They want me to tap
out in the third.
Okay.
Why are you agreeing to it?
Because in
this sport,
organized crime
controls everything.
This is my only way
to get a shot.
MAGNUM:
No, that's-that's
not true.
You do this for them,
they're gonna have
their hooks in you
for the rest of your career.
You don't
want that.I don't have a choice.
Of course you do.You don't
know anything.
My dad's been out of work
for months.
And on top of that, his
health ain't so good.
He's always taken
care of me.
Now it's my turn.
We understand that.
This is not the way to do it.
This is none of your business.
Well, we're making
it our business.
We've dealt with people
like this before.
If you get in too deep,
there is no way out, ever.
You have to walk away
from this, now.
All right.
[line ringing]
It's Kai.
We got a problem.
Yeah, you know those
two haolesfrom the gym?
They're telling me
I shouldn't fight.
Yeah, just figured
you'd want to know.
Shoots.
Even if I wanted
to back out, I can't.
These aren't the kind of people
you say no to.
Don't follow me again.
[car door closes]I got to be honest,
I didn't see that coming.
She's in an
impossible situation.
Which is only gonna get worse if
we don't do something about it.
No, I-I get it, Kamekona,
but we need somebody
inside the Yoshida clan.
A friendly that we can
sit down with,
have a conversation.
Look, the only way
it's gonna work out
is if we can get somebody
who can lean on Matsui.
Okay.
Hit me back.
What did he say?
Well, he's gonna try,
but there's no guarantee.
Hi.
KUMU:
So, what's the latest?
Well, a friend of mine at UH
gave me access
to their accelerated
mass spectrometer,
so I could analyze the sample
on my own without having
to go through
the usual channels.
What exactly is an
accelerated mass spectrometer?
It can tell us
how old the skull is
and the approximate
age of the person.
And the data
indicates
it belongs to a
12-year-old boy
who lived in the
late 18th century.
[laughs softly]
So I'm right?
Well, I can't be 100% certain
that it is Makani,
but the skull did have a pretty
severe basilar fracture,
indicating that he did
fall from a great height.
Like a cliff.TC: Well, then,
that's got to be him.
We have to return Makani's skull
to its proper burial place.
He deserves
to be at peace.
RICK:
Yeah, well, we don't
have a lot of time. We got
to put this plan in motion.
Thank you, Noelani.
Please.
You are making a huge sacrifice
to preserve
our heritage.
We owe you.
Aw...
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
I'm looking for some
people. They're P.I.s?
They were here this morning
to meet with my father.
You mean those P.I.s?
I need your help.
What's happened?
It's my dad.
Matsui's boys
grabbed him.
Hey, hey...
They said if I even think
about backing out tonight,
they're gonna kill him.
After your phone call,
they obviously thought it
prudent to get some insurance.
But even if I go through
with it...
There's no guarantee
they're gonna let him go.
He's right. They can't trust
that you're not gonna call HPD.
W-What do I do?
MAGNUM:
Look, just...
play along, all right?
Go to the fight.
We will figure out a way
to find your father, trust me.
I shouldn't have called them.
HIGGINS:
No-- hey.
It's not your fault.
We'll get your dad
back. Don't worry.
Just give us one minute.
Look, you've got
to call off Kamekona.
We can't risk
antagonizing Matsui.
I mean, if we're gonna keep
her safe, we need some help.
What are you thinking?
RICK:
Hey.
Everything okay?
Rick, you like MMA, right?
Love it. Why?
Who's this?
I'm her cornerman.
Cell phones.
Inside.[van doors open]
Now, look, don't be making
no long-distance calls
on that phone, all right?
[engine starts]
Hey.
Don't think about your dad.
Just think about the fight.
That's all you can
control right now.
[exhales]
[clamor in distance]
[bell dinging]
[ringtone playing]:
♪ Why can't we be friends?
Tell us you got something.
KATSUMOTO:
We canvassed the area
around Izzy's house,
no one saw anything.
And we found
no trace evidence inside
so we don't know specifically
who grabbed him,
much less where he's being held.
Okay, Kai's fight's
about to start.
So we have to do something fast.
Y-- I have an idea,
but you're not gonna like it.
Whatever it is, do it.
Clock's ticking.
What are you thinking?
Let's get the location
from Matsui directly.
He's surrounded by bodyguards.
Told you
you weren't gonna like it.
How you boys doing?
Just here to see some blood.
You know, the fight.
GUARD:
Get your sorry ass
out of here, brah.
But you... Ooh.
You can stay.
[grunting]
[audience oohing]
There they are.
Yeah. Looks like
all eyes are on the fight.
With any luck,
they won't notice us.
[laughs softly]
Easy for you to say.
You're not the one who
has to lift Matsui's phone.
Oh, come on, what do you say?
[British accent]:
It's a simple task.
Anyone with your training
and experience
should be able to pull it off.
[blows landing]
[grunting]
[crowd shouting]
HIGGINS:
Watch it.
[grunting]
[bell dinging]
[crowd cheering]
Matsui's been texting
with another number.
We're think
it's whoever's watching Izzy.
I'm going to forward them
to you, okay?
Hey, come here.
[phone chimes]Ping this right now.
Get the location out to SWAT
and all units in the area.
Hey, we gotta move.
You guys watch yourselves, okay?
Yeah, you, too.
We should split up, lay low.
Yeah, good idea.
[crowd cheering]
All right, listen,
you got this, all right.
Hold her off as long as you can,
keep your hands up
and keep moving.
Go, go, go, go.[bell dings]
RICK:
Keep those hands up.
[crowd booing]
[grunts]
Get off the fence.
[grunting]
Come on, Kai.
Keep that guard up.
[grunting]
HPD!
[yells]
Come on, hold on, hold on.
You got this, you got this.
Hang in there, Kai.
[grunting]
[bell dings]
[grunts]
[crowd cheering]
[heart beating rhythmically][cheering continues]
[heart beating] [crowd cheering]
Hey, Izzy. Hey, hey, hey.[whimpers]
You're all right.
Okay? We got you.
[crowd cheering]
I can't take much more.
You don't have to.
Your dad's okay.
He's safe.
Go get her. Go kick her ass.
Come on, let's go. Let's go.
[crowd cheering]
Let's go, let's go,
let's go, let's go.
[grunting]
RICK:
Come on, finish her. Yeah.
[crowd shouting]
RICK:
That's it, that's it.
Close it out, close it out!
[bell dinging]
[crowd shouting and cheering]
That bitch just cost us
a lot of money.
Bring her to me.
Matsui.
You again.
You're the reason
why Kai went against us.
Yeah, that's right.
And now you're finished
on this island.
I have an army
that says otherwise.
What do you got?
A bigger one.
[sirens chirping and wailing]
[tires screeching]
Everybody on the ground,
right now!
OFFICER: Don't move!Right now!
OFFICER:
HPD!
On the ground!
[sighs]
♪
[indistinct radio transmission]
Dad.
Kai.
Oh, my baby.
Dad.I was so worried
about you.
IZZY:
I didn't know if
I'd see you again.
I'm sorry.
About this morning.
You were right.
I cheated.
Made it impossible
for you to win.
You did well, Magnum.
Wow.
Thank you.
Is it really that
hard to admit?
I mean, do you really
hate losing that much?
It's not that I mind losing.
It's just...
for some reason,
I do mind losing to you.
I'm not sure why.
Well, if you want a rematch,
it is your house, your estate.
Your alarm system.
You can test it out
whenever you want.
I might take you up on that.
♪
[Kahu praying in Hawaiian]
LUKELA:
Hold it.Hmm?
Everyone stop what you're doing.
Teuila Tuileta.
We have a warrant
for your arrest.
I'm sorry, Kumu.
TC:
If you're gonna arrest her,
you gotta take me in, too.
I was her accomplice.
TC...
Go ahead.
Sorry, he goes, I go.
Let me guess...
you helped her, too?
I hid the skull
in my laundry room.
Well, technically speaking,
the laundry room
is in the guesthouse
which is on my property...
[inhales deeply]
...so I guess that makes me
an accessory as well.
RICK: Well, I'm already
serving, like, 2,000 hours
of community service,
but there's no way in hell
you guys are going
down without me.
I drove the getaway car.
HIGGINS:
Looks like you're going
to have to arrest everyone.
We were all complicit.
Come on.
We all know that's not true.
Look, what you guys
are doing is noble,
but Kumu acted
all on her own.
And the prosecuting attorney's
going to follow the law.
Not if he gets his skull back,
right?
I mean, that was the deal,
wasn't it?
That's right.
We use it for teaching
at the M.E.'s office.
To the untrained eye,
it's a pretty damn good match.
I thought we should have a plan
in case HPD showed up.
Clever.
You expect me to lie
to the prosecuting attorney
and tell him that
that's the skull that Kumu took?
The man I stole it from would
never notice the difference.
And if he does?
MAGNUM:
What's he going to say?
He knows how the rest of
these artifacts were acquired.
All right, he makes
a stink about it,
he's gonna end up
in jail himself.
Boys?
Looks like
we're done here.
Get that
to the P.A.'s office.
[quietly]:
Well done, Doc.
Mind if I stay?
We would be honored.
Mahalo.
[Kahu praying in Hawaiian]
[prayer continues]
[Kahu continues prayer]
[birds singing]
Aloha, Makani.
You can finally rest now.
♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org